The New York Yankees prevailed in the sixth game of the American League playoffs to win over the Cleveland Indians and advanced to their second World Series play in three years. In the National League, the San Diego Padres won its series over the Atlanta Braves to ensure its place in the World Series. Enthusiasm is high on both sides as 650 padres fans shaved their heads in a radio promotion raffle for a ticket to the games. Yankees Chuck Knoblauch, worried about errors in the playoffs, was greeted with a standing ovation as the first game opened. Knoblauch, along with teammate Martinez cinched the first game with homerun hits in the 7th inning. The San Diego Padres, excited about the prospect of winning the NLCS playoff and of playing the Yankees in the World Series, have gone bonkers. Some 680 shaved their heads for a raffle to win playoff skybox seats. NY fans, however, are subdued about the Yankees prospects of a collective batting slump (namely by Knoblauch and Martinez), Strawberry's surgery recovery, record-setter Williams' team loyalty, and the memory of the fallibility of umpires. The Yankees have a edge in pitching and defense, and their record of excellence encouraged everyone to expect victory. In fact in the Series opener, Knoblauch and Martinez power-hit the Yankees to a win. The Yankees won the 1st game of the 1998 World Series when Chuck Knoblauch and Tino Martinez redeemed themselves after an early error and a bad batting season. The Yankees had the best defense in baseball and set a League record for season wins. Among Yankee players, Darryl Strawberry sat out after cancer surgery and best League batter Bernie Williams considered leaving the team next year. The World Series' importance grew after the introduction of league championships and 2-layered playoffs. Imperfect umpires can get in the way of play and make wrong calls. Widely diverse San Diego fans were excited to have the Padres in the first World Series since 1984.Star second baseman Chuck Knoblauch and power hitter Tino Martinez were the heroes in the Yankees' win over the Padres in Game 1 of the 1998 World Series. Knoblauch, who had made a game-losing error in Game 2 of the ALCS, hit a three-run homer off reliever Donne Wall in the seventh inning to tie the score, 5-5.Martinez, who is batting a puny.187 in post-season play with the Yankees, later hit a grand slam. Ace pitcher Kevin Brown, viewed by many as the Padres' best hope for a series upset, had started the game. The Yanks, hoping for a second title in the last three years, are playing without Darryl Strawberry who underwent cancer surgery on Oct. 3 . 