Budget negotiations between the White House and House Republicans were delayed on several issues. At issue were provisions that included requiring Federal Health Insurance providers to provide contraceptives to women as Well as a provision to build a road across a wildlife preserve in Alaska. The contraceptive issue faced an uncertain future while Clinton likely will veto the road. There is disagreement also on how to spend the funding on education. This year's budget discussions also have been hampered because it is the first time since budget procedures were established in 1974 that there has been a surplus, preventing agreement on a budget resolution. Whether to use the 1st surplus in decades for a tax cut, to pay off the national debt, or for new initiatives made the 1998 federal budget negotiations chaotic. The Oct 1 start of the fiscal year was extended 5 times. Major issues were census statistical sampling, federal health plan coverage of contraceptives regardless of religious affiliation, and school aid decisions by the federal gov't or local jurisdictions. Other issues included a Federal Election Commission provision, a road through an Alaskan wildlife refuge, and an airline peanut ban. Committees crafted the budget document after broad agreement was reached when 8 bills were lumped together. In 1998, for the first time in decades, the US budget negotiators faced a surplus. Both sides said this was harder than a deficit situation, but they finally spent $1.7 trillion. The last seven spending bills were the most difficult and finally were merged into one package. Controversial issues included health insurance paying for contraception, control of new education allocations, an Alaskan wilderness road, whether the 2000 census would include statistical sampling, and establishing an emergency fund. Conservatives felt the results favored the liberals, but both sides were satisfied and glad to finish before Election Day and avoid a government shutdown. After several deadline extensions, Congressional leaders and the White House agreed on an omnibus spending package, the final portion of the $1.7 trillion budget. It includes more money for education and defense, business tax breaks, and farm aid, as well as funds for Colombia to use in drug interdiction. To offset the new spending, the surplus will be tapped for $20 billion, to the ire of conservatives. This year, without the common goal of reducing the deficit, reaching agreement was very difficult. Policy provisions involving the 2000 census, contraception, and the Alaskan wilderness were also tied to the spending package and were hotly debated. 