Terrorists bombed the US embassy in Nairobi, killing 213, 12 of them Americans. A near simultaneous bombing of the embassy in Dar es Salaam killed 11, but no Americans. An editorial accused the State Department of ignoring threat warnings. Three suspects in custody in New York have been denied outside contact and their lawyers charge that the jail conditions are inhumane. A federal grand jury has indicted Osama bin Laden with conspiracy in the bombings. Bin Laden is in Afghanistan, out of the reach of US authorities and protected by the Taliban. German police receive d possible threat against the US embassy there. Local and U.S. authorities who are questioning victims for evidence are investigating terrorist bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Three suspects are in custody in New York. They have filed complaints about restrictions and about unsatisfactory conditions in the jail. There is evidence that the State Department ignored warnings. Osama bin Laden was indicted for terrorism and for conspiring in the bombings. The Taliban has declared him a free man in Afghanistan and says the U.S. is using him as an excuse for missile attacks. An Islamic group threatens retaliation if he is arrested. A threat against the U.S. embassy in Bonn seems unfounded. In Oct and Nov 1998, the US was pursuing Osama bin Laden and his associates as suspects in the Aug bombing of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. The attacks killed 224 and injured 5,485.The US had ignored a warning of the Kenya attack 9 months earlier. Two men were arrested in Tanzania. One was under arrest in Germany. Two were in a New York City jail, virtually held incommunicado, awaiting trial. Bin Laden and his military commander also were indicted. Two $5 million rewards were offered. Bin Laden was believed to be in Afghanistan where the Taliban government called him an honored guest and said the US presented no proof that he was a terrorist. Seven men have been arrested for the Aug. 7 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Two, Rashid Saleh Hemed and Mustafa Mahmoud Said Ahmed, are in jail in Tanzania. Mohammed Saddiq Odeh and Mohamed Rashed Daoud al' Owhali are being held in isolation in a facility in New York. Three other suspects are being sought. Osama bin Laden was indicted on 238 counts in connection with the blasts that killed over 200 people and wounded over 5400.The U.S. announced a $5 million reward each for information leading to the capture or conviction of bin Laden, who is living in Afghanistan under Taliban protection, and Muhammed Atef, a chief lieutenant. 