Power in Lebanon is shared equally by a Maronite Christian president, a Sunni Muslim prime minister, and a Shiite Parliament speaker, an arrangement made to prevent a recurrence of the 1975-90 civil war. Syria, with 30,000 troops in Lebanon is the main power broker there. The Lebanese parliament amended the constitution to permit popular army general Emile Lahoud to become president. Prime minister Rafik Hariri, the architect of Lebanon's postwar reconstruction, expected to get a fourth term but a conflict with the new president led him to bow out as premier. Lebanon's economic stability has been threatened by the conflict. Army Commander and Maronite Catholic Emile Lahoud was named Lebanon's president for the next 6 years, chosen by outgoing President Hrawi and Syria's Hafez Assad. Traditionally the president is a Maronite, the PM a Sunni, and Speaker of Parliament a Shiite. Election by Parliament is a formality. The constitution was amended to permit senior public servants to be president. Lahoud rebuilt the army and ended militia reign. Walid Jumblatt opposed a military president, fearing a return of surveillance on civilians. PM Rafik Hariri, a businessman who rebuilt the country and economy, refused his delayed re-appointment by Lahoud, who vowed to fight corruption. Lebanon's leadership changed in Nov 1998.Army commander Emile Lahoud was elected to a 6-year term as President by the Parliament and took office on Nov 24.He had the backing of Syrian President Assad, the powerbroker in Lebanon, and a special constitutional amendment in Oct cleared his way. He did not immediately ask Prime Minister Rafik Hariri to form a new government. Hariri, the nation's top businessman, had served three terms and rebuilt the nation, but some accused him of corruption. His support in the Parliament had also slipped, but many believed Lahoud was trying to assert his authority. When finally asked to form a government, Hariri refused. Lebanon's Parliament voted the country's top military man, Gen. Emile Lahoud, president. Lahoud, who promises to clean up a graft-riddled government, is popular and is backed by powerful Syria. It is unclear, though, whether Prime Minister Hariri, in office since 1992 and credited with the country's economic recovery, will continue to head the cabinet.31 of 128 legislators chose not to support him, leaving it to the president to name the next prime minister. Consequently, Hariri withdrew his candidacy, claiming the president acted unconstitutionally when he accepted the mandate to name a prime minister. Hariri's administration was plagued by nepotism. 