The Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which was established to look into the human rights violations committed during the long struggle against white rule, released its final report. In what has been described as one of the most complete reports of its kind, the commission blames most of the atrocities on the former South African government. The ANC also came under fire for committing some atrocities during the struggle. Nelson Mandella's ex-wife, Winnie could be prosecuted for the part she played in such violations. Missing from the report was De Klerk, who threatened to sue if he was mentioned in connection with the atrocities. South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission headed by Desmond Tutu proposes amnesty to heal the wounds of the apartheid era. If those accused of atrocities confess, they will be given amnesty, if not, they will be prosecuted. The Commission's report said most human rights violations were by the former state through security and law enforcement agencies. The African National Congress, Inkatha Freedom Party, and Winnie Mandela's United Football Club also shared guilt. Former president de Klerk, who shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Nelson Mandela, was not named as an accessory after the fact, since his threatened lawsuit would delay the report. South Africa's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, appointed to reconcile the sides involved in the crimes of the apartheid era, is releasing its final 2.5- year report. Its purpose is to identify those who committed gross violations of human rights. The report is to lay most of the blame for the violations on the State, but the ANC also shares blame. The program offers amnesty to the accused if they confess but execution if they refuse. The process has angered many people of all walks of life. De Klerk, Apartheid's last president, is not being implicated but he is suing to stop publication. Criminal cases are nonetheless expected to go on for six years. South Africa Truth and Reconciliation Commission's 3,500-page report on apartheid-era atrocities was issued on Oct 30.This report was intended to clear the air, grant amnesty to those who confessed, and begin the healing process. Those named for prosecution were warned before the release. Ex-prime minister de Klerk's name was removed. The ruling African National Congress remained. While the white government bore the brunt of the blame, several black movements were included. After the release many talked of a new amnesty period or a limited time to prosecute. Prosecutions could take 6 years; diverting judges, threatening elections, and slowing recovery. 