1,000 people mourned Matthew Shepherd, the gay University of Wyoming student who was severely beaten and left to die tied to a fence. The crime sparked nationwide vigils and prompted President Clinton to call for federal hate-crimes legislation. In 19 states, including Colorado, sexual orientation is not included in hate-crime laws. Wyoming is one of 10 states with no hate-crime laws at all, but the governor appealed to lawmakers to reconsider their opposition. Christian conservatives argue that hate-crime laws restrict freedom of speech, while gay rights activists and others say these laws send a message that attacks on minorities will not be tolerated. A passerby who found Matthew Shepard's nearly lifeless body tied to a fence outside Laramie, Wyoming at first thought it was a scarecrow. Matthew, an openly gay student at the University of Wyoming, had been kidnapped, brutally beaten and left to die in near freezing temperatures. Two men, Russell Henderson and Aaron McKinney were arrested on charges of kidnapping and attempted first degree murder. Two women, friends of the accused, were charged as accessories after the fact. Seeing this as a hate crime, gay-rights activists nationwide renewed efforts to get the Clinton Administration to pass hate-crime legislation. A 22-year old gay University of Wyoming student was found beaten and left to die lashed to a fence. Two men were arraigned on kidnapping, robbery, and attempted murder charges (changed to murder after Shepard died) and two females were charged as accessories. Expressions of sympathy came from across the nation, including President Clinton and the crime was widely denounced. The savage nature of the crime renewed calls for enactment of hate-crimes legislation. The House passed a resolution calling the killing "outrageous". On the day Shepard died, the Family Research Council co-hosted a press conference to demonize gay people. Two men in Wyoming kidnapped, robbed, and brutally beat a gay university student who died in a coma five days after the assault. The incident fanned public outrage. Hundreds in Laramie and on campuses across the nation demonstrated support to the student with marches and candlelight vigils. President Clinton responded to nationwide calls by urging Congress to pass the Federal Hate Crimes Protection Act. Gay leaders stressed that hostility towards gays, based on several surveys, flourishes in high schools and universities. By coincidence, on the day of the beating a religious right organization in Washington was announcing a barrage of TV ads aimed at gays. 