Turkey's Prime Minister Yilmaz was ousted by a no-confidence vote in Parliament over allegations of interfering in a bank privatization and having mob ties. Ecevit, a former prime minister, was asked to form a new government. He was unable to win the support of Ciller for a secular coalition. Refusing any alliance with the Islamic Virtue Party, Ecevit turned to President Demirel to find another solution. Demirel was expected to turn to a widely trusted lawmaker to form Turkey's next government. New premier-designate Erez got backing from 2 key secular parties as he tried to form a broad-based secular coalition that would include some from the Virtue Party. Following charges that he interfered in a privatization contract and helped a businessman with mob ties, Turkish Prime Minister Mesut Yilmaz was forced to resign. President Demeril asked Bulent Ecevit, former three-time prime minister from the 1970s and champion of Turkish Cypriot rights, to form a new government. After three weeks, Ecevit was unable to secure the support of the Center-Right Party. At issue was the participation of the Islamic Virtue Part in the secular government, Ecevit returned his mandate and Demeril named Valim Erez as prime minister designate. Erez was in talks with the Virtue Party over possible cabinet seats. Turkish PM Yilmaz was forced to step down due to mob ties and claims of state bank privatization tampering. President Demirel asked highly respected 3-time former PM Bulent Ecevit to form a new majority government. A split between parliament's center left and right is longstanding. Ecevit distrusted Yilmaz and Ciller but brought in Yilmaz's party and wooed Ciller's. She wouldn't join unless Islamic Virtue were included, which the secular parties resisted. After a 3-week effort, Ecevit gave up rather than include Virtue. Yalim Erez tried next and won the backing of 2 key secular parties. He will talk to Ciller and run Turkey until the April 18 election. For more than a month, Turkish politicians have been trying to form a new government. The last prime minister was voted out after charges of corruption and mob ties. Longtime politician and three-time prime minister, Ecevit, tried for two weeks to form a coalition, which would satisfy the staunchly secular military. He failed when he could not get the support of both center-right parties. The president then asked a member of Parliament to form an interim coalition government to serve until the April election. Erez attained center-right support if he sticks to secular principles, but he may be forced to give some Cabinet seats to the Islamic Virtue Party. 