Dr. Barnett Slepian, the mainstay of Buffalo's only abortion clinic, was slain as he stood at his kitchen window. Slepian has been described as a fatalist who stubbornly adhered to doing what he thought right. The FBI is looking for James Kopp for questioning as a material witness in the slaying. Kopp has long been identified as a major voice in the anti-abortion movement. Attorney General Reno will investigate if the slaying is part of a nation-wide plot. In Canada, authorities are worried that new violence could erupt as Remembrance Day approaches. Anti-abortion pamphlets have been delivered to a Canadian newspaper, possibly by Kopp. Abortion clinics continue to be targeted by anti-abortion groups such as Operation Rescue, Lambs of Christ, and Army of God. Opposition ranges from silent vigils to vocal and physical intimidation, and even murder. Dr. Bart Shepian of Buffalo's only abortion clinic was murdered in his home. Police in the US and Canada are looking for James Kopp, a known abortion opponent, as a material witness in that murder. The clinics serve poor, young, and uneducated women since the well-to-do use their established providers. AG Janet Reno has named a task force to find out if the Slepian murder, the third in five years, is part of an organized campaign of violence. The primary doctor at the last abortion clinic in Buffalo, NY, was shot and killed. Dr. Slepian, a stubborn man, dedicated to women's care, and an unlikely martyr. It's the 7th such death, and the 4th similar attack. James Kopp is sought as a material witness. The anti-abortion movement has local and itinerate members. Their activities go from prayers and talking to confrontations, threats and violence. After this killing, the FBI resumed a search for an anti-abortion conspiracy. Since the first few years after Roe v Wade, the number of abortions has declined, as has the number of clinics and doctors providing the procedure, especially for poorer women. On Oct. 23, 1998, a sniper killed Dr. Barnet Slepian, a mainstay in the last abortion clinic in the Buffalo area and one of only a few doctors performing the procedure in the face of protesters and threats. Many of the protesters are itinerants like Rev. Norman Weslin, founder of the anti-abortion group Lambs of Christ, who travel about spreading their message and shutting down clinics. Another itinerant demonstrator, James Charles Kopp, is wanted by the FBI as a material witness in the Slepian murder. In addition to anti-abortion violence, a shortage of doctors who are trained and willing to do the procedures imperil their widespread availability. 