At least 60 teenagers were killed and another 160 were injured in a dance hall fire in Goteborg, Sweden, Sweden's second largest city. The fire was the worst in Sweden's modern history. At least 400 teenagers, attending a Halloween dance, were crammed into a facility meant to hold 150.The dance attendees were mostly immigrant children from representing 19 nationalities, including Somalia, Ethiopia, Iraq, Iran and former Yugoslavia. The cause of the fire, which quickly engulfed the two-story brick building is unknown as investigators continue to probe the ruins. Emergency help was delayed by about three minutes because of language difficulties. A fire rapidly destroyed a Goteborg, Sweden dance hall as some 400 teenaged Halloween revelers jammed up while trying to evacuate. At least 60 died, mostly from smoke inhalation, and about 150 were injured. The actual capacity of the 2nd floor dance hall was 150.Forensic experts are having success identifying the burned bodies but the question of how the fire began is still unanswered. The blaze gutted the entire building owned by the Macedonian Association. Mostly immigrants attended the dance. The fire squads say they lost about six minutes while trying to respond to a call in poor Swedish. It is doubtful a quicker response would have made a difference. A fire at an overcrowded dance hall in Goteborg, Sweden killed 60 and injured 180.Most victims were 13-18, immigrants covering 19 nationalities. The 2-story brick building was rated for 150 but held 400.Owned by the Macedonian Association, it had been rented out to 8 party arrangers for a Halloween dance, held on the 2nd floor. One of two exit stairways was blocked by fire. A panicky phone call in poor Swedish to authorities took 3 minutes to understand. Fire trucks were on the scene 6 minutes later. The explosive, fast-spreading fire reached 600C.It may have burned undetected for some time. Arson was a possibility but the cause remains undetermined. Sweden's deadliest fire occurred on Halloween when a dance hall in Goteborg, filled with teenagers, burst into flames. The cause is not known, but the hall, approved for 150, contained as many as 400 and one of the two exits was blocked. Sixty were killed and between 150 and 173 injured. Most were immigrants or their children and represented 19 nationalities. Many felt the rescue was late. Rescuers said they had trouble understanding the first call, but were there in 6 minutes. Condolences came from Swedish authorities. A memorial service was held and a memory wall was growing. Although identifications are difficult, 40 of the dead have been identified. 