Concern over the health of President Boris Yeltsin has led many Russians to question his ability to govern. He has had multiple bypass surgery and is susceptible to respiratory ailments. Periods of illness have caused him to cancel foreign trips and on some travels, he was unable to attend all official functions. He is politically weakened, leaving others to grapple with Russia's economic crisis. Russia's constitutional court was to hold hearings on whether Yeltsin could seek a third term under their two term limitations since part of his first term was under the Soviet constitution. That appears to be moot point since he has said he will not run again. President Boris Yeltsin's health has become a matter of great concern to the Russian leadership. The concern began in 1996 when he had a heart attack followed by bypass surgery. Illness has often sidelined him during his seven years in power. He recently cut short a trip to Central Asia because of a respiratory infection and he later canceled two out-of-country summits. This revived questions about his ability to lead Russia through any crisis. Yeltsin refuses to admit he is seriously ill and his condition is kept secret, even the cause for burns on his hands. Russia's leaders are calling for his resignation and question his legal right to seek reelection. President Boris Yeltsin had a heart attack in 1996, followed by multiple bypass surgery. Doctors say his health is more or less normal but secrecy increases conjecture. The cause of minor burns on his hand were not disclosed. On a trip to Uzbekistan he walked stiffly, stumbled, rambled and seemed confused. Ceremonies were canceled and the trip ended a day early because of his bronchitis and a 99.3F fever. He was treated with antibiotics and ordered to bed but went to the office anyway. Calls that he turn over power were revived. He says he will not run again. He canceled an upcoming trip to Austria and sent PM Primakov in his place to an Asian summit. Russian President Yeltsin's health was a hot topic in October. First he burned his hand. Next, in Central Asia, he cancelled public appearances and appeared disoriented. The trip was shortened due to a "respiratory infection". He was ordered to rest and take antibiotics. He then cancelled his trip to the Asian Summit. Although stoutly defended by his family, many Russians, including former supporters, suspect he is sicker, question his ability to do his job, and want him to resign. He has a history of health problems including heart bypass surgery. The court was to judge on whether he could serve a third term, but he already has said he will not run. 