The government suit against Microsoft is the most aggressive antitrust case in a quarter century. The heart of the case is the Internet browser battle between Microsoft and Netscape. Microsoft says that its Internet Explorer is an integral part of its Windows system, the industry dominant operating system. Microsoft, it is argued, has told computer manufacturers that if they want Windows, they must forgo Netscape. The Justice Department and 20 states are joined in the action brought under the Sherman Antitrust Act. Microsoft's chairman, Bill Gates, usually seen as a visionary is portrayed in much darker tones in the trial. Business rivals are seeking to break Microsoft Corp.'s monopoly on computer operating systems. The Government and 20 states have filed an anti-trust suit against Microsoft, invoking the Sherman Anti-trust Act of 1890.The suit began with a Microsoft vs Netscape battle over browser software but now extends far beyond that aiming at Microsoft's overall aggressive anti-competitive conduct. The effort is extensive but inconsistent because of the ambiguity of anti-trust laws, especially the Sherman Act. The Government is examining Microsoft's financial records and painting a dark image of its Chairman Bill Gates. An unpublished book may be crucial to the trial. In 1998 the Justice Department filed a civil suit against Microsoft to change its 9-year pattern of anti-competitive conduct. Bill Gates appears a schemer ready to crush competitors by any means. He uses Microsoft's clout to squelch internet competition. A 1996 Netscape complaint over browsers was central to the case, which grew to include Intel, IBM, Sun, Apple, AOL, and Intuit. Microsoft was ordered to let Justice examine its records and sought a trial delay. An unpublished book provided evidence. The 1890 Sherman Anti-Trust Act centered on Standard Oil and was intended to protect consumers, but its wording is broad and rulings have been ambiguous. The Justice Department and 20 states filed a suit against Microsoft for violation of the Sherman Act, charging it illegally tried to use its dominance as the provider of Windows, the industry standard operating system, to stifle competition in other areas. At the heart of the case are Microsoft's contracts with computer manufacturers that prohibit them from substituting Netscape's Navigator browser for Microsoft's Internet Explorer, but Justice also alleges Microsoft exhibited a broad pattern of anti-competitive conduct with numerous other software companies. Microsoft says that Windows and its browser is one tool that offers immediate consumer benefit. 